It reminds me of when the Apple app
store launched. There were apps like
drink a beer. There was like a fart app
that was like one of the most popular
apps like in the app store. So yeah,
it's the same model. It blows my mind
because of these the app store like
duopoly with like Apple and Google.
Something has to change, you know, and
Anatoli's vision is like let's break
this up. Maybe it doesn't happen today.
Maybe it doesn't happen with Seeker, but
it will happen. we will all be fully
mobile using our crypto and not be using
our computers for the most part anymore.
How can a new developer try to build
gain value from this? I actually think
that the large majority of the medium to
large share mentality apps are not going
to invest time into those things right
now. You are competing against a small
subset of people. So the newer
developers actually some guy who has a
deex just decides to ship to seeker
that's that it's not drift or it's not
any of these big ones on day one people
are like I want to trade on a deck
they'll just use this new developers
decks because that's their option on
that phone. So I see this as an
opportunity.
Hello hello hello welcome everyone to
the devs podcast. Today we have with us
the most famous [__] poster on crypto
Twitter Chase Barker. It's a great thing
to be known for. Yeah. And he's also
reason why most of the early devs on
Solana are on Solana. So he used to be
the head of developer ecosystem for
Solana and we only had 75 developers.
Yeah. We still truly and now he's back
from his quote unquote retirement to do
the same thing for Salana
Mobile. Welcome, Chase, to the podcast.
We're so back. We are so back in. No,
thanks for having me. Um I mean, now
we're the the tables have turned. You
used to be you were on my old podcast,
Chewing Glass. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And that
was my first ever podcast, by the way.
Yeah, that was a I I miss doing that
specific podcast because like a lot of
those were like pre like well-known, not
all of them, but a lot of them were pre-
well-known developers like the Tensor
guys before they got huge. Like so it
was it's like a really cool well and
also Paul um who basically wrote the
Salona Bible which was that old escrow
program um from from back in the day. So
it's like a treasure trove of history
like when I go back and like just like
look at at those interviews. Armani like
before he had like did all his stuff. So
yeah.
Very cool. Yeah.
Yeah. Did
how Chase like how was retirement?
Um so yeah that that was always sort of
like a joke and a meme. I knew that I
was going to come back to something. Um
but six I thought I could make it 6
months. Um basically I I I worked for 4
years. I mean most people know I'm
terminally online but what people didn't
know that I actually did a job at Salona
Foundation behind the scenes like
launching educational programs like
doing all these creating as many funnels
as possible. like one of the my one of
my greatest successes or like I can't
I'm not attributing it directly to
myself which was just helping support
Solana Turbine which is now producing
about 20% of the engineers. It brought
Dean Little into light. Like he was
always the shadowy figure for the
longest time until I met him and I'm
like now he's out there crushing it. So
I'm just like just really thankful that
I had um the people um to work with uh
throughout that process. But yeah, man.
The You know what? I forgot the [__]
So, let's start. Let's like cut that. I
forgot the question. I started rambling.
I do. That's totally fine. I mean,
Turbine is incredible. Almost. I have
never been not impressed with any
engineer that I meet from Turbine. They
all are like freaking fantastic and
always have something new or very
interesting niche to talk about. So,
they have a very good community out
there. Yeah. But like you were asking
about the like the retirement stuff. It
was it
two two and a half months in of like
just sort of doing the things that I
loved. It was really just about like I I
the whole point that I was saying
earlier was that I was just I was
working so much like I was doing all
these things behind the scenes. I was
probably online 16 to 17 hours a day and
like a two week vacation wouldn't fix
it. I needed to spend time with my
family. But two two and a half months
in, my wife was already annoyed of me
being around too much and and um I was
sort of like watching everybody do a
bunch of cool stuff and I and I just
needed to get back into it. Um and you
know I I got back into it. Cool. Tell us
more about what you're doing now. Yeah.
So, um, you know, long story short, I
was in I was in Thailand for 3 months
and on my way back through New York
City, I ran into the the COO of Solana
Mobile and he essentially was just like,
"Hey, we're about to launch the phone.
We need somebody just like you to to
help us to track developers." And then
he was like a little hint hint nudge
nudge like what about you? And at first
I was just like, "Don't you dare." And
then like within a day I was like let's
do it because you know Seeker there's a
Saga you know it's had and it sold two
thou or 20,000 devices 150,000
pre-orders for Saga or for Seeker makes
that extremely compelling to me. There's
some AirDrop farmers out there who
bought those phones but you cut that 150
in half. 75,000 potential. Even if it's
only 75,000, that's more than um 9
that's more than 95%. Yeah. I mean, we
started with 75. I was looking.
Yeah. So, I mean, like they like they
really just needed somebody to be out
there and be loud and make people like
just like know that this stuff exists.
And like, you know, luckily I have
another like at foundation I had Jacob
Cree who was incredible um more
technical than I am. And now I have
another uh his name's Mike Cisto. He's
the de for Slenom Mobile. He's actually
incredible. So, it's like we got a
strong duo, you know, like I'm just
we're going to be running that same
playbook back. Um, and today we just
announced a like mobile focused
hackathon that will fast follow Coliseum
targeting people who have already built
apps to convert those to mobile and ship
to the DAP store. So, pretty excited
about just like starting from scratch
again. Feels good. What type of
developers are you looking to get on
board? Are these like primarily people
building apps or you're much more
focused on developers first? Um, I think
probably like just considering
the in order for Seeker and Solano
Mobile to succeed, there has to be
compelling apps, there has to be
compelling use cases, there has to be
all of those things like out of the
gate. So initially my like you know
there's going to be some of the larger
apps that are going to be porting over.
I always consider myself small dev BD.
Colum runs these super incredible
competitions. 40 teams win. You've got
about 100 maybe more now that are just
barely missed winning. And the goal here
would be to they've already have a
business. They already have a pitch
deck. They already have like apps. All
you have to do is drink a bunch of
Monster over a weekend and com convert
your web app to mobile. Depending if you
build native or if you do React mobile,
you you could probably do it in a
weekend longest a week if you and a
couple buddies just sat down and
crunched that out. So to answer your
question, it's more usable apps that
like belong in an app store initially. I
think you know maybe that strategy
changes, but as Seeker launch
approaches, we need apps and we need
apps that people want to use. Yeah. And
also the secret itself is such a vital
playground to show what consumer crypto
could be like, right? So I this reminds
me of when when the Apple App Store
launched, there were apps like, you
know, drink a beer.
What was the what was the fun? There was
like a fart app that was like one of the
most popular apps like in the app store.
So yeah, it's the same model. What blows
my mind because of these the app store
like duopoly with like Apple and Google
that crypto has been like frozen. The
majority of people in the world do not
have computers. Like the large majority
do not. They're all on their phones.
Almost everybody in the world has a
phone now. And like they're basically
not able to really use crypto outside of
like a wallet right now. So they don't
get exposure. And it's really silly to
think that it'll be like that
forever, you know? Like I don't think it
it's going to be something like we will
not be using crypto on our only on our
computers forever. Something has to
change, you know, and Anatoli's vision
is like let's break this up. Maybe it
doesn't happen today. Maybe it doesn't
happen with Seeker, but it will happen.
We will all be fully mobile using our
crypto and not be using our computers
for the most part anymore. Does it mean
you're also interested in apps that do
not necessarily have a crypto component,
but then they're just tired of paying
the 30% cut to Google or Apple. They
could still launch on secret. I think
that's a like that would be nice, you
know, like it would be nice to have
non-crypto apps that like, you know,
something that that people could use
that's non-cryptoreated, but like I
don't know if there's a compelling maybe
there is a pitch, but you know, they
don't have access to the millions and
hundreds of millions
eventually. Yes. I think if you have a
successful phone um and like you start
to have a bunch Yeah, it would be nice
to have like Evernote or or like notion
or or some of these apps on there for
sure. Um just things that you use in
your daily tasks because sure you have
this crypto device and you do crypto
things, but like if you want to use it
as your daily phone, you probably also
want to have like like Slack and Notion
and all these other apps as well.
I'm curious to know um the first uh
mobile phone um what kind of adoption
did it have? Do you have do you track
metrics around 20,000 people bought? Um
I mean I I don't personally have access
to that but I will tell you that like
there was very little users after the
sort of like you know the bonk like
airdrop sort of reinvigorated that but
it's it just never caught that adoption
level. the app the the number of apps
the level of apps and experiences were
not really there and compelling enough
you know I think this time around things
are a little bit different you know like
we have a lot more builders we have a
lot more founders we have a lot more
people that probably see the vision to
to do that you know and like mobile apps
offer some specific things like that you
don't have with computers like you know
like GPS what what is that thing that
you use for motion like it's Okay. Yeah.
So, there's things unique to cell phones
that you can create crypto-related
things around that you can't really do
with a computer. Um, and it's like
tapping into those unique things to
create certain experiences I think will
will be helpful. But at the end of the
day, people are still going to be like
trading fartcoin on hump fun like you
know like this is like it's it's just
the early stages of that. But if I can
do that on the go on my mobile phone
then like I think people are will be
compelled to actually use that. Yeah. I
think this that it reminds me of this
argument some
famous you know VC made when mobile was
just after iPhone was launched in 2007.
It was like mobile makes a future of
computing is mobile because humans are
mobile, right? Like people move around.
They do. How often are people sitting at
like a desk all day, you know? Like I'm
a little bit of a boomer. I sit at a
desk more than most people. But I think
on the go is the way that people are
work. People are working. If your job is
not engineering, you can work directly
off your phone and a lot of people do.
Slack, Telegram, all those things. This
is like I don't want to pull out my
clunky computer to go like trade or or
do whatever I want need to do. You don't
have to anymore.
Yeah. Also, also it's pretty much a
generational thing, right? If you look
at a lot of the younger
generation, you know, kids, they
might they probably never even open to
use something on a website or a desktop.
At the most, at the most they have an
iPad with a keyboard. Yeah. Maybe.
Exactly. If it's not a mobile app and
you're a consumer app, you don't really
have us use it. Yeah. My son who's like
who's 15 like like to get him to use a
computer for stuff. He's just like
doesn't want to do it. He was like,
"Why? I just have an iPad. I have my
phone." Like those generations are just
like, "Why? I don't need all of these
things anymore." And they don't. He's
They're right. They don't. I think
they're a signal where the future is
headed and it's 100% headed to mobile.
Yeah, mobile has a very big chicken and
egg problem which I'm sure you saw with
the first uh you know mobile phone as
well. Uh which I'm assuming is if there
aren't enough apps then a lot of people
won't use u you think this is the
biggest unlock here if if you have the
best apps viral apps on the phone to
expand. I think that's probably the
most important thing is to have a suite
of apps like at the very minimum your
daily driver applications that you're
going to be using like the wallets of
course they're they're they're allowed
in the other stores for like they have
their own rules apparently but I think
like make sure that you have a nice
trading app and make sure that you have
these different like sort of crypto apps
that you have
like the same crypto apps that you would
have as your web apps exist on those
phones because you know
humans their first impression of that
phone they open up that DAP store and
it's empty or has uninteresting things
they're like okay I'm going to tuck this
in the corner and wait for my airdrops
to roll in so having those DAPs and
having good ones is is going to be
extremely important I think right do you
think uh most of the volumes will go to
you know web apps that are already doing
well like Jupiter will build their
mobile app pump.com will build a mobile
app. Everyone will go there. How can a
new developer try to build gain value
from this? I actually think that the
large majority of the medium to large
share mentality apps are not going to
invest time into those things right now.
I'm not 100% certain, but like it has to
be, you know, they already have gained
market share beyond the mass majority.
So I think it it's I see this as the
reverse in that market competing on the
web app crypto scale. You're competing
against every blockchain and against
every app in those different ecosystems.
With Seeker, you're going to have 150
potential power Salona users who have
money, who know how to use crypto and
like and then a lot of people that are
going to wait for the signal to join
that DAP store before they actually put
those resources. So I see these early
movers, these guys even before Secret
comes out, the Seeker and Saga DAP store
are exactly the same DAP store. So you
can submit today that secret launches
you are competing against a small subset
of people. So the newer developers
actually let's say no let's let me give
an example let's say no dexes launch on
like seeker from day one some guy who
has a deck and just decides to ship to
seeker that's that it's not drift or
it's not any of these big ones on day
one people are like I want to trade on a
deck they'll just use this new
developers decks because that's their
option on that phone so I see this as an
opportunity for newer apps newer
developers newer for founders to get
access to users easier and whenever
there's not a ton of competition because
once the big guys start to port over the
mind share is directed towards them. So
I see this is probably like the reverse
is like the way that you were possibly
thinking about it is this is an
opportunity to compete in a in a in an
area that's not as broad as the whole
crypto ecosystem. it's just Salana and
it's just those apps in that DAP store
from day one and all those big guys
aren't going to do it until it's
compelling enough for them to do it.
Yeah. And also another category that I'm
very interested in is games and
entertainment because now so far if you
took any web 3 game you were restricted
by what you could do in a browser the
majority of the gaming today especially
hyper casual ones or on mobile. So I'm I
wonder what do do you at all think
gaming as like a major category or is it
is it something that you guys are
actively pursuing? I mean there's a lot
of people I've actually whenever I
announced that I was doing Salana mobile
I got a ton of messages from people that
are like building games right now
looking to build like if you look if you
I mean like you're like you're from
India like if you look at places like
India or like a lot of places in like
South Asia and like just like Asia in
general people are on their phones
they're playing mobile games all the
time and like there's there's no reason
why eventually that's not going to um
that's not going to happen. But I think
initially right now we're just still
like crypto is still in it degenerate
gambler phase. But those that that those
are all just primitives to experiment
with the ideas where the actual real
[__] gets built like a layer up from
that sort of uh from the from that
degeneracy some real [__] begins to
happen. And we're seeing that happen
with cryp like institutional adoption
right now. I think gaming is is going to
make it at some point, but right now it
just seems like most people are
interested in like making a lot of money
very quickly.
Yeah, that makes sense. Speaking of
which, I I saw you guys announced a
token called Seeker. Yeah. And also very
confusingly sounding deep and what
exactly is that? So, this is all brand
new to me. So I won't be able to answer
that very uh very um technically for you
right now but um yeah so I I don't have
enough information that the token itself
also I was I was only made aware of that
recently. So okay but it sounds like a
lot of that is going to be somehow like
as is as is helping to to be the glue
for the crypto economy within the mobile
universe. you know, like um those sorts
of things like in incentive mechanisms
are are what what helped crypto
bootstrap itself. So, and and also
legally, I don't know what I can say
about this stuff. So, I'll probably
avoid most of that topic right now. But
I think one thing that they did mention
though is um is a play is that like the
the hardware is one thing, but like
selling the software and the DAP store
and the things behind Seeker and a play
on like the OEM sort of stuff is also in
the equation. It's like we don't have to
sell hardware devices forever. we can
prove it out on our hardware and then
get into these other devices and like
hopefully maybe that like you know like
once you get inside there and they start
to see like what the possibilities are
that maybe breaks up that barrier that
you can't really get into initially. So
like I I do think the hardware device is
a a stepping stone. You can continue
building those devices, but you can also
try to get into other distribution
networks by like pitching the software,
the secure the security of the device,
and then just like with a little bit of
luck and like the way that things shift
over the next like 12 to 24 months, I
think that, you know, people are going
to be a lot more open to that. You know,
the genius bill is about to pass with
the stable coin stuff. I think more
phones who were very conservative about
the way that they handle crypto could
very much change. Um it could change
like that. Um so you know it's always a
a lot of hard work and a little bit of
luck. Um so with that I think there's
there's a lot of potential.
What are your top five project ideas or
maybe three project ideas for people to
build for the Oh my goodness. I don't
even know if I could do that. If I were
to if I were to
um like I said, I think we're going to
mainly focus like we want anybody to
build those apps, but I think I think
simple apps obviously like the what's
hot right now is the meme coins and I
don't endorse it, but like this is just
what what people are really liking. But
if I had to build something, I I would
think very deeply about the types of
things people do on their devices every
day. Like for
me like just simply like you know I want
if I want to trade I would like to have
a Robin Hood style application like
especially if you're trying to pull in
non-crypto people the interface is so
different that I don't know if you guys
have used Robin Hood before but the
interface to to trade stocks on there is
so different. It has all this
information about these things. So it's
it's like a lot different of process.
So, I would try to like figure out a way
to simplify sort of like, you know, the
the the mystery and the complexities of
of crypto. If I had something that I
could
go, Tinder is a good example, swipe
left, swipe right, if there was
something that I could implement like
that in trading, um, I would do it. Like
the less steps a user has to do, the
better. So, while I'm not a product guy
or a business guy, I think like creating
simple ideas just like we talked about
earlier about the fart apps that were
successful in the in the Apple store in
the early days, you should think that
same way with crypto. Swipe left, right,
up, down. Like, that should be the user
experience. Because if you got these
complex apps built into these things and
people's got to do 10 different things
to do, it's it's you're going to have a
hard time just keeping a user from like
you you might lose them before they even
make it to the final step of your app. I
think it's simplicity is the most
important thing when we're talking about
mobile cuz who who out here uses wants
to use a complex app? I open Twitter, I
type a word, I I [__] post, tweet, boom.
Like sometimes crypto, I think we get a
little too complex with our ideas.
That makes sense. I would love a
blogging app.
A blogging one. Somebody must be
building.
Yeah.
I If anyone wants to build a blogging
app, all the code is available on the
GitHub. Please take t take into whatever
you want. I would actually I personally
would like use a journaling like
blogging app if it was launching. Uh but
the question is
like it's hard for somebody to build
that because what's the business model
behind like a blogging app? Yeah. Put a
token on it.
Yeah. And also I think some other cool
ideas could be to you know take
advantage of things that are uniquely
possible on Seeker like how you had
things that are only possible on Salana
because this the only place where you
could do first transaction is probably
the only place where you have access to
a seed wall and and that potentially
opens up like
you know different possib different
application possibilities like things
that you want to keep ultra secure. For
example, a a journal
which where you want to keep everything
private and completely on your
completely on your device without it
ever going to the cloud. And I agree and
like I'm not like just to be honest, I'm
never giving up my iPhone. This is my
daily phone. But what I do not like
personally is I do not like having my
crypto finances on my personal daily
driver when I'm traveling in my
backpack. If I want to do crypto stuff,
if I want like my secure like like the
secure storage on there to keep like
larger sums of money and also be able to
interact with Salana apps, I would
rather I don't want to do that on my
computer. Like let's say I'm at a coffee
shop or the airport. I don't want to
pull out my computer to do all that
stuff. I would prefer to just have a
crypto phone and this is where all my
crypto finance stuff belongs. This is
this is where I trade. This is where I
do all these different things. I don't
want that on my iPhone. You know, I have
my wallet on my iPhone, but like I would
prefer it wasn't. I would prefer that my
wallet, you know, like my phone's open
in my my normal phone's open in my hand.
I'm walking around texting all the time.
Somebody can grab that phone and like
get access to that. This other one that
you sort of use in a different setting
where you're like conscious of it,
you're sitting down, you're like, I'm
ready to do some salon. Um, and you pick
up your phone and here's where all my
stuff is. I really don't want that on my
on my like daily phone. Yeah. And also
another type of apps which could be fun
or and can uniquely leverage crypto is
things like AI labeling stuff, right?
Where today if you have to label
something you have to log to your
computer, pull a batch of task then
manually do it. But it would it would be
very very cool for an app
to you know send you a push notification
of one single image that you have to say
yes or no or like the Tinder style right
swipe left or swipe right based on if
this is classified the correct way or
not. Then you also get paid paid in USDC
or whichever token because now you have
a wallet natively embedded into the
form. Yeah. in terms of and I just had a
random idea pop up is like you know like
with a with something like Seeker that's
cryptonative that you can integrate
tokens into like you could you could
create things like you know there's
people you ever heard of geocaching.
It's basically like people will go hide
um an item somewhere in like the middle
of a tree and they provide like GPS
coordinates and clues. You could
basically do digital sc like digital
like scavenger hunts. you take a picture
that's locked into the GPS. So like you
know like just creative ideas like that
because that only works because I have a
phone and a GPS inside of that phone and
then crypto integrated into that. So I
could go somewhere take a picture of
this and it's like go find it and like
you could put some tokens inside of
there. Obviously, it's like not the
greatest business idea in the world, but
you could see where you could probably
build off of that where a brand could
essentially like pay promotions to like
create these digital token scavenger
hunts like around a city or something
like that. Yeah, I just made that up. I
don't know. But and also it kind of
tracks well to this has been true for
any new mobile ecosystem, right? For
example, going back to how solo mo was a
thing where everyone was building like
social, local and mobile because these
this uniquely leverages what a mobile
has to offer. You want them people use
mobile to communicate with others or
send text messages. So it's inherently
social and also because your mobile you
also have location. So we feel like a
lot of this consumer apps, you know, or
these type of fun
things have the higher potential to take
off and could bring in net new people.
Yeah. Right. And also I I wonder if it
would be interesting if
people don't just launch on secret but
also at the same time take the same apps
and launch to other other stores as well
and kind of do something sneaky like
what Apple does with green bubbles etc.
So that you kind make it uh attractive
for people who are not in the seeker
ecosystem to go get a seeker. Yeah.
Yeah. Actually that's that's that's an
interesting idea. I do I do think
that you like you know everybody's tried
social like on crypto. Most of them all
of them if not all have mostly been
failure. I think the I don't even know
if you call it social but time. Fun has
actually done really well. they've have
a unique idea and it seems to be working
but you have a much higher probability I
think of having a successful social
application if it's mobile you know like
with on the computer no but like if you
have a special like you can socialize
tons of different things and if it's
like you said everybody's on the go
everybody's mobile if this app is like
who of my secret friends are near me
right now you know like people I
friended and I can like see that they're
in the city like oh my salon people are
here then like that's more compelling to
use than like something like and it's
not a knock on them like forecaster you
know what I mean which is super niche
and you there's no mobile app as far
maybe there is maybe I'm wrong but like
I think mobile has much greater odds to
succeed in in the social world whatever
the social type there's tons of
different types of social apps but I
think mobile was where those would
succeed time fun mobile app is sounds
like a great idea if I can just buy
totally hours and then call him directly
at links as so they you know they just
announced it. They're basically like
they're about to launch um a mobile app.
Okay. I think I think what happened was
that Mer probably was like I'm I'm on my
phone all the time. I'm meeting all the
time. Please launch an app so I don't
have to get on my computer to do
timeconf. Very cool. I don't know if
that's true but probably.
All right. I have one last question. Um
so Solana has great docs and videos for
learning Solana and go um is that true
for Solana mobile as well. Now where do
people go and learn or just need to
learn Android? Uh actually not really. I
think the major the mass so number one
the docs for Salonomo are actually
pretty nice. Um I've I've gone through
them. Most people seem to be favorable.
They can improve obviously but
docs.solon salon
salonmobile.com that actually even
includes like the process to like that's
where you go submit to the DAP store. Um
but the mass majority of people are not
going to go and learn Android. They're
going to basically build in like like
React Native mobile. Um and or you
basically just build progressive PWAs
which are progressive web apps. You know
you can build you know like they're not
the most incredible. They don't they
I've seen some they can feel really
close to native but the way that I view
this is like
just if just ship something get a PWA
it'll you could it's on the web you can
convert it to an APDK very easily like
with very little effort if you if you
design it properly and then once that's
done like let's say V0 of your mobile
app is like picking some traction maybe
you get a little check from somebody to
continue building that out, then go find
yourself an Android dev to build like
the next iteration of that. So, I think
it's perfectly fine to like, you know,
ship something that like it's good
enough that users will like it. It's
userfriendly enough that like it's not
going to like be a like you don't want
to ship a shitty like PWA that's like
horrible to use and it doesn't feel
native at all because you know, you're
just hurt harming yourself. But if you
can build one that's reasonably feels
close to native, I think that's fine.
And also like your your time, you don't
need to go learn. You don't go need to
learn cotlin. You basically just ship
with what you know. This is like the
early days when people were doing
Seahorse and Python even though it
doesn't exist anymore or really but
there were some people that I know that
were onboarded to see to Salana Rust
with Python who eventually were like I
need to take this further and then they
learn Rust and it's the same process
here gateway talk like exactly and a lot
of people b combed about like being like
no we don't we need people to build rust
python is this I was like listen you
don't understand the reason for this is
not the ones you think. It's to allow
people to access things they would
normally wouldn't do because the
learning curve is so strict. Suck them
in, get them excited, and then they'll
go eventually once they get far enough
and they'll basically delve way more
deeply into that. Y makes sense.
Awesome. I have one last question. Okay,
let's go. What are you most excited
about?
Um, for me personally, from my own
personal perspective, like when I joined
Salana in in early 2021, the chances of
success were very low unless you were
not building any VM. Like it was
literally like Salana is nothing. Nobody
cares. Nobody's going to learn Rust. You
guys have zero chance. The thing I'm
most excited about Salana mobile is
proving people wrong. Once again, that's
the thing. It's not about the phone
itself. It's being like, listen, you
want to sit there and be a doubter and
not do anything and not build anything,
well, we will go ahead and do that.
Awesome. Yeah, with that, let's go, man.
Yeah, exactly. Such a high note to end
the podcast. Yeah. Thank you, Chase.
Thank you. Thank you so much for joining
us. For sure. It's been fantastic. See?
All right.